hey youtube it says gay 222 channel um
today we're going to be opening the team
magma VS Team Aqua pack and also the x
power keepers pack all right here we go
and apparently the Team Magma and Team
Aqua packs are really rare because we've
never seen him before so we're going to
open this one first and save the rail
all right here we have a vulpix snore
runt why not carvanha a beldam oh why
not first no hollow sorry at blaziken
hollow and a medicham and a trainer card
here's a Jigglypuff oh that's cute a
ball toy and air on a Poochyena another
Poochyena a pitch you had a reverse holo
tackle a Cacturne hollow Cacnea and a
hound or alright everyone thanks for
watching remember to subscribe let's go
to 22